For this lesson.
We're going to learn how to explore different pages on the same website.
So keep in mind that every website is different.
Hence, every code of web scraping will also be different.
We'll just be using this as an example so that you learn how to think and figure things out when scraping
webs.
The fact is that if we need to search in different pages of this catalog and we're in page number two,
we have to spot the differences in the URL when entering another page.
So as we can see, the link to page number two is books to scrape catalog page two.
That is page two dot HTML.
This may be the answer we're looking for.
So if we go to the next page, which is number three, we can see that the link remains the same, but
it contains number three instead of two.
So now we can create a loop that changes only the page number and let us check the search results.
So let's copy this link and now go to pie chart and paste it there for now.
Let's import beautiful soup for and requests since we're going to need them.
So now we have our URL and remember that this is a string so we can work with string literals.
So let's create a variable named basic URL which will be equal to this site, which will convert to
a string.
So what?
We want to be changed in each iteration when searching each page is this value here.
So we'll replace the page number with a pair of curly brackets, which will leave empty.
So this is the foundation on which we're going to build all the URLs of each page in the catalog.
So let me demonstrate, just so you know how this works.
If I print basic URL and put dot format and 15 between the curly brackets and I execute it, I'll get
a URL reading page 15.
As a result, we can use this link to get to that specific page.
So let's delete this example and inside our code we could say that for each pea in a range from 1 to
10, let's enter 11.
This loop will print basic URL format and let's put P between brackets.
So we're printing this will receive all the URLs from pages 1 to 10.
So this is one way to scrape several websites all at once.
So this was just a conceptual basis.
For our next lesson, we'll have to manage to find the four and five star books in the HTML code.
Then we'll use this characteristic to extract the titles.
Let's go then.